[Music]
on a remote mountain road there was a
broken car in front
how would the father teach his son how
to handle the situation
do you need to help him the boy said
don't help said the father
as expected the man immediately stood up
and pulled out his gun
he continuously shot at the car of the
father and son the father was injured
and on the edge of the mountain there
was still someone who was also shooting
at them
this was a murder plan the father drove
madly into the assassin
the assassin quickly dodged after that
the father was unfortunately hit by a
bullet
the car completely lost control crashed
out of the road and down the mountain
it turned out that the father was an
accountant he knew the criminal evidence
of their business
taking the opportunity that the assassin
hadn't yet approached
he quickly gave evidence to his son
named connor he told the boy to follow
the riverbank and run to the town
and then gave this to the reporter when
he just told his son to run away
the assassin also chased after him the
father deliberately started the car
two assassins continuously shot at the
car so it completely fell off the cliff
because of the father's instructions
conor didn't dare to speak up
when seeing a car passing the two
assassins hurdly hid their guns
there was a woman stopping is it okay
someone fell off the mountain
seeing that they shot the woman dead the
two assassins then immediately left the
scene
not long after that there was a police
car arriving this policeman was conor's
uncle the dead woman on the side of the
road caught his attention
at the same time he also discovered the
car falling under the cliff
however the two assassins managed to
eavesdrop on the policeman's phone
ethan reported the crime scene there
were two deaths one male and one female
so they knew that the boy wasn't dead
yet by the riverside
there was a woman using a knife to treat
her round seeing that
connor was very scared and ran away the
woman quickly chased after him
she told conor that she was hannah she
was a firefighter of the forest
department
why is there blood on your head but
conor kicked her once and kept running
hannah told him the town was located
more than 10 miles away
and had to cross a mountain after
thinking for a while
conor finally decided to accept hannah's
help at this time
the assassin jack was called by his boss
he told jack that if that child was
still alive
this would soon be exposed so jack had
to kill the boy
jack and patrick were extremely
professional they immediately had a plan
during the investigation they discovered
that there was an uncle who was a police
officer in this family
so they identified him as the target to
find clues then they put on uniforms to
pretend to be police
jack started burning the forest this big
fire had distracted everyone's attention
the black pregnant woman was at home
waiting for her husband who was a police
officer
seeing the lights of the car outside the
woman thought that her husband had
returned
she went out and saw two white policemen
relying on the vigilance of the police
family
the woman knew that these two weren't
good people while she was just about to
close the door
she silently picked up a mini gas tank
but those two had already started to
break into the house
they even roughly pushed the woman to
the ground and they even pointed guns at
her
jack put some firewood in the stove and
prepared to torture the woman
but patrick saw baby clothes in the
house he immediately reminded jack that
this was a pregnant woman
after asking a few questions jack still
couldn't find any information about that
boy
he had to ask patrick to take out the
burning stick and brought it closer to
the woman
seeing this the pregnant woman shouted i
can find him
under the threat of jack the woman had
to call her husband named ethan
she asked is he hungry i want to make
some food for him
but jack saw this as a signal so he
immediately rushed to punch her
so the woman fell down but she quickly
grabbed the mini gas tank
jack said you're holding it upside down
i don't hold it upside down she said
then there was a huge blast of fire that
hit jack's face
patrick was also quick to dodge taking
that opportunity the woman took a gun
and shot patrick
she quickly ran out meanwhile connor and
hannah returned to the observatory
he gradually trusted hannah he even
showed his father's evidence to hannah
hannah read and knew it was a serious
problem so she decided to immediately
take conor to town
along the way the two of them also faced
a lot of trouble
on the step the disaster was extremely
harsh and there was thunder and
lightning continuously
connor and hannah also found ways to
avoid they almost got hit by lightning a
few times
but luckily they dodged hannah was also
almost hit by lightning
at this time the pregnant woman was
lucky to escape from jack and patrick
the two assassins had many wounds on
their faces but because of the urgent
quest
this was insignificant when they saw
ethan driving back
they rushed to hide when ethan and his
colleague got out of the car
the colleague was shot in the head
seeing that ethan frantically rushed to
shoot
but jack was behind ethan put down your
weapons
ethan was threatened so he put down all
his weapons jack told ethan that they
had caught his wife
if he wanted to save his wife he had to
find conor for them
after that the three of them arrived at
the scene where the car crashed
but only conor's father's body was here
if it weren't for that huge fire
the investigation team would be here
ethan discovered conor's footprints at
the scene
when he was about to quietly handle it
patrick also discovered it
so they determined that the boy was
definitely alive however
ethan felt that things were really
dangerous although he knew that the two
of them wouldn't dare kill him
after that ethan repeatedly provoked
them after observing the location of the
two of them
he suddenly rushed to fight jack however
patrick used a gun to control ethan
meanwhile hannah was lucky not to be hit
by lightning after that
connor and hannah quickly continued
their journey however
there was a huge fire appearing in front
of them based on the experience of a
firefighter
hannah knew they couldn't go this
direction because of the fire
they had to go back to their old ways
but at this time
hannah's feet were covered in blood she
poured alcohol to wash the wound
and then applied some medicine hannah
also had a lot of injuries on her back
she was going to put on another shirt so
she told connor turn around
connor said i have no interest in it
after that she took painkillers
at this moment hannah noticed a light in
the distance there were a few people
walking this way
she quickly hit and used binoculars to
observe she saw three people approaching
she told connor to gently crawl over to
see hannah asked is it them
that's them said conor these three were
going to the observatory
ethan said no one would be in a dark
place like this however
jack didn't believe ethan because he
thought that if there were no staff to
observe the fire situation
there would be no torch jack and patrick
analyzed that with this height
they couldn't attack at all therefore
they had to lure people down to deal
with
and they said to ethan you go up and
bring everyone down here
after entering the observatory ethan
whispered to the people inside
there are two assassins with weapons
outside ethan even discussed with hannah
to find a way to escape
meanwhile patrick was climbing up the
tree like a monkey
and he noticed that ethan seemed to be
talking patrick immediately opened fire
so ethan got hit after that jack and
patrick immediately used firepower to
attack
because the observatory was made of wood
it would be dangerous for them to hide
here
ethan tried to find a way to take hannah
and conor out
hannah hugged conor and clung to the
rope and jumped down from behind
seeing that patrick and jack immediately
chased after them
but these two assassins almost got hit
it turned out ethan's wife was also here
she already ambushed there
seeing this jack decided to stay here to
deal with ethan's wife
under jack's support patrick rushed out
to chase connor
and jack started to shoot continuously
at this woman the woman also quickly
dodged
and then started to get up and open fire
again jack was
hit and fell but the woman found out
that her gun was about to run out of
ammo
the two of them quickly seized the
opportunity finally the woman was faster
jack was shot again but before dying
jack still intended to counter-attack
jack was indeed an assassin with a very
professional attitude
at this moment after taking a few steps
conor discovered that there was a sea of
fire ahead
the fire was about to spread to them
hannah told conor
if the fire comes to you keep going
ahead then you quickly run into the
stream on the left and find the widest
spot to lie down
after that hannah alone went back to
deal with patrick
patrick slowly approached hannah hid
behind the tree to attack him
but patrick was not afraid but when
seeing hannah in danger
conor turned around to get patrick's
attention taking advantage of that
opportunity
hannah hit patrick with a hammer but he
was really too strong
he quickly knocked down hannah then he
arrested hannah
and said he would kill her if conor
didn't come out he even brutally beat
hannah
stop conor appeared seeing conor come
out
patrick was extremely pleased when
patrick was about to kill them all
hannah tried to stand up and attacked
him from behind with a hammer
after that she repeatedly hit patrick
with a hammer
by this time the fire was about to
approach them hannah rushed to take
conor away
and patrick was burned by the fire on
the observatory
ethan's wife found him in critical
condition although he had a bulletproof
vest
he was still seriously injured ethan and
his wife then put on oxygen masks and
ignored everything around
hannah and connor were still being
chased by the great fire
after that the two of them rushed into
the lake hannah said to conor
take a deep breath and then lie down in
the water and try to expose your nose to
breathe
at this time the fire was burning
strongly on the water surface
while hannah grabbed conor ethan grabbed
his wife they finally overcame all
danger
at this time there was a rescue plane
arriving the rescue workers also jumped
down
they discovered hannah and connor and
also discovered that ethan's wife was
still unharmed
but because ethan was seriously injured
he died in the ambulance
hannah comforted connor and a lot of
reporters also came here
although the movie has a happy ending
there's no denying that the villains
acted really well
they also had high professional
standards and a tenacious attitude
in each mission they finished with a
very serious attitude
hope that the director can shoot a
prequel episode for this assassin pair